1. From the perspective of Airbnb.com, a better system could be implemented if Airbnb engineers had application programming interface access to the databases of valid license numbers. This would allow Airbnb to validate the numbers for San Francisco listings. Two arguments that could arise in opposition to this suggestion would be that it’s the government’s responsibility to catch illegal listing activity, and that having access to extensive databases is intrusive to lister privacy.

2. One research question we could explore with this data is the correlation between housing/rent pricing is correlated with Airbnb listing availability and pricing. With rising living costs in the US, specifically in cities like San Francisco, we might predict that prices on Airbnb would parallel housing prices and rising rent. In addition, we could also look at the number and types of availability on Airbnb. Perhaps, through this question, we might see a rising number of listings, including illegal listings, as a result of higher housing insecurities.

3. The legality of web scraping is an uncertain issue that has had conflicting discussion and rulings. Lawsuits regarding web scraping have been heard for years now, with some shutting it down for its ties with bot spamming and copyright, as well as other cases in which web scraping is an issue that holds websites responsible for security and user data privacy. That said, some important factors to consider when discussing the legality of web scraping are the boundaries between data hijacking and web scraping. Web scraping itself is legal, but at what point is web scraping too invasive? This also leads us back to the questions of who is responsible when web scraping has gone too far. Is it the responsibility of data seekers to web scrape ethically, or is it the job of websites and online platforms to keep their and their users’ data private, or is it both? Privacy and accountability are two important factors when approaching the gray area of web scraping.

4. One guideline that we must consider when deciding to use or not to use public data is the extent to which the intentions of our web scraping are good or bad. If our intentions are to solely benefit ourselves, then we shouldn’t utilize web scraping. An example of this includes stealing private information from websites for financial gain. Because web scraping is already on the borderline of being a privacy issue, it should only be used for the greater good of society (ex: exposing criminal activity, discrimination, etc). Another guideline that affects our decision on accessing public information is the type of information inside the data. If the data is filled with a bunch of private information on random individuals, it would be a violation of privacy to scrape this data. However, if the type of information is housing data or company financial information, scraping it doesn’t necessarily invade any individual's privacy. Therefore, data should only be scraped if it is broad enough to avoid violating privacy on a person to person level. Data that relates to corporations or large entities should be allowed to be subject to web scraping. 